[CAS-1072] Reorganize client docs (#1977)
GetStream/stream-chat-android: docusaurus/docs/Android/02-client/02-channels.md

# Channels

> Channel allows to make conversation between two or more chat users. It can be identified by `id` and `type`, or `cid` which is a combination of `type:id`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Channels are where conversations take place between two or more chat users. They contain a list of messages and have a list of the member users that are participating in the conversation.

A channel is identified by its `type` and `id`. Some APIs use a `cid` to identify a channel with a single string - this is the combination of the two pieces of information, as `type:id`.
```

Author: Sounds much better. Thanks!
